Virtual environments are a way to manage python packages for separate projects.
They allow you to avoid installing Python packages globally (where you just do pip install ___ in the command line)
which could sometimes break other projects, especially if they use different version of a library. Basically
it's just supposed to help you avoid all the gross installation and import errors that you can sometimes get with pip and Python.

The virtual environment starts off with a clean slate–you have to install packages while inside the virtual environment
to use such packages in the virtual environment. 

Link to installation guide for Python's virtual environment manager Venv:
https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/

Create virtual environment directory: 
    python3 -m venv env (MacOS and Linux)
    py -m venv env (Windows)
        * Run this in the directory you wanna make the env in. Creates a new folder called "env"

Activate the virtual environment:
    source env/bin/activate (MacOS and Linux)
    pypy -m venv env (Windows)
        * Again make sure you're in the same directory as the "env" folder
        * You should see the text "(env)" to the left of your command line now
        * Everytime you run a python script or the interpreter, it'll only recognize
            the packages you installed in the virtual environment. Try running the python
            interpreter and importing numpy for example. It shoudn't be recognized initially.
        * Try to remember to run this command every time you're working on the project, 
            especially if you wanna install something for the project.

Leave the virtual environment:
    deactivate (MacOS, Linux, and Windows)
        * Leaves the virtual environment. The "(env)" text in the command line should be gone now
        * Everything is back to normal now. Python will now recognize all the global packages you've installed.
        * Note: python won't be able to recognize any of the packages you installed in the virtual env,
            unless of course you also installed in globally.

List all modules installed w/pip
    pip list